[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: To listen to an event in
the DOM you do element.addEventListener.
You give it the type of
event you want to listen to.
You give it a function to call back and
then there's this capture flag which
we'll talk about what that does.
And then to remove an event,
you call element.removeEventListener and
you,
>> Justin Meyer: And
you give the same event name and the same
handler and the same capture flag.
We'll talk about that means.
So that looks like this.
If I want to listen to when
someone clicks breeds on the page,
on the element I say addEventListener,
give it a click,
give it a function, and we'll talk
about what this means in a second.
Pretty, pretty straightforward, hopefully.
Are there people who've never seen this?
Everybody kinda seen addEventListner?
Most people?
Good, Cool.
To removeEventListener, you always have
to pass the same function that was used
to bind in addEventListener, right.
So if I did addEventListener like this.
So I want to listen on breeds when it's
clicked and we'll console.log('clicked!').
I cannot do this.
I can't just pass a function that
looks the same as the function
passed to the addEventListener.
Because these are two
different functions in memory.
You have to pass the same function back.
So the way to do this is to typically
make sure you save a reference
to your function in a variable.
Then pass that variable and therefore
that function to addEventListener,
so that later,
you can remove the event listener.
So let's see this in action.
>> Justin Meyer: So
I'm going to get my breeds,
I'm going to add an event listener to it.
>> Justin Meyer: But wait,
first I'm going to save my listener,
I'm gonna do a handler.
I'm gonna create a function.
And I'm going to console.log("clicked!").
Then I'm going to add an event listener
to say when someone clicks it,
call back this function.
Actually not this function,
sorry, handler.
Now when I click this ul,
I get clicked, awesome.
And to stop listening,
I'll do removeEventListener.
>> Justin Meyer: Now when I click,
nothing happens.
So I think we're about to see all
the different types of events
you can listen to.
>> Justin Meyer: No,
we're gonna do add a bind method.